and uh we have managed to kill some
people from hisbah who were trying to
attack our citizen villages in the north
I'd like to make it clear that the IDF
is ready quite ready not only in the
South but on the North Front as well we
will reply with excessive force towards
any aggression coming from the Lebanese
territories I seize this opportunity to
tell the Lebanese people that you know
that hisbah is putting you and putting
the country Lebanon in danger in an
unprecedented danger hisbah is an enemy
to Lebanon hasah is an enemy to the
Lebanese hasah is an agent for the
regime in Iran hasah will be responsible
to what is going on in the South and
finally I'd like to stress that the war
is ongoing for whatever time until we
manage to destroy the complete of Hamas
and to get back the captives after this
war Gaza will never be a threat to us
and another message of Hope after the
wall after putting an end and
eradicating Hamas there will be a real
chance to reconstruct the Gaza Strip
after Hamas the gazin will have a
peaceful life away from violence and
away from terrorism after eradicating
Hamas the Gaza Strip will enjoy peace
security stability and Welfare
inshallah and I will answer now some of
your
questions
they asked me about the possibility of
reaching a deal with Hamas regarding the
release of the
captives that's why I'm saying the
following Hamas has decided not to
respect the truth Hamas could have
continue the plans to release the
captives and we will give one more day
of Truth and pose but now we are in a
different phas the face of putting an
end to Hamas the war is not finished yet
the war will continue until we eradicate
Hamas this is the decision taken by yir
and this terrorist Hamas must pay the
price for the
decision
[Music]
they asked me about the next period the
next
period we are in the maximum and the
next period is to continue war in every
part of the Gaza Strip we control big
parts of North Gaza and as I said we
have targeted hundreds of spots that
belong to Hamas in the North and the
South our forces now is targeting other
Hamas spots in different places in the
strip particularly in kanun it must be
clear
that the end of the war means the
eradication of Hamas without eradicating
Hamas we will go back to the war again
and we can not allow this to happen war
will continue we will meet tomorrow
inshallah for another briefing thank you
very much much and see you
tomorrow all right so you've just been
hearing there from offer gend